essays/learning-typescript-and words-feels-like-racing-against-time.md, before:

---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Learning TypeScript and WODs feels like racing against time"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2026-09-11
published: true
labels:
  - TypeScript
  - Thoughts
---

<img width="200px" class="rounded float-start pe-4" src="../img/learning/TypeScript.jpg">
## Expectations
When I first learned that this course would cover TypeScript, I was very curious—curious about how it differs from JavaScript and what similarities they share. I had only taken an introductory JavaScript course before, and by the end of the semester I already felt confused and not particularly successful. Because of that, I expect this course will be an even bigger challenge for me.

When I first learned that this course would cover TypeScript, I was very curious—curious about how it differs from JavaScript and what similarities they share. I had only taken an introductory JavaScript course before, and by the end of the semester I already felt confused and not particularly successful. Because of that, I expect this course will be an even bigger challenge for me.

## WODs
This is my first time being introduced to the concept of WODs. That said, I think WODs are very helpful for learning a new language. They force my hands and brain to quickly get used to and become familiar with the syntax. Within a limited time, I have to outline my plan and then implement it, without too much hesitation. From the WODs I have done so far, each practice has felt like a challenge, and I can only barely finish within the Sd time. Still, I look forward to becoming more familiar as I continue, gradually speeding up and completing more difficult exercises. I am also excited about the upcoming content, and curious to see what kind of growth and changes I will have by the end of the semester.

Commit message:

Update learning-typescript-and words-feels-like-racing-against-time.md

essays/learning-typescript-and words-feels-like-racing-against-time.md, after:

---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Learning TypeScript and WODs feels like racing against time"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2026-09-11
published: true
labels:
  - TypeScript
  - Thoughts
---

<img width="200px" class="rounded float-start pe-4" src="../img/learning/TypeScript.jpg">
## Expectations
When I first learned that this course would cover TypeScript, I was very curious—curious about how it differs from JavaScript and what similarities they share. I had only taken an introductory JavaScript course before, and by the end of the semester I already felt confused and not particularly successful. Because of that, I expect this course will be an even bigger challenge for me.

When I first learned that this course would cover TypeScript, I was very curious—curious about how it differs from JavaScript and what similarities they share. I had only taken an introductory JavaScript course before, and by the end of the semester I already felt confused and not particularly successful. Because of that, I expect this course will be an even bigger challenge for me.

## WODs
This is my first time encountering the concept of WODs. That said, I feel that WODs are indeed very helpful for learning a new language. They allow my hands and brain to quickly get used to and become familiar with the language. Within a limited amount of time, I have to plan, outline, and then implement, without much room to hesitate. In the past, I would often get stuck on certain pieces of code, trying to make them better and better, but now I focus on making sure the code meets the requirements and runs correctly. Then, when I face the same kind of problem again, I can find the right solution more quickly.

From the WODs I’ve completed so far, I feel that each practice is a challenge, and each time I can only barely finish within the Sd time. I look forward to becoming more familiar as I continue, gradually speeding up and finishing the more difficult exercises ahead. Even though I know the upcoming problems will only get more complex, I am still excited to learn what’s next, and curious to see how I will have changed by the end of the semester.
